Add front-end docs (services, testing & data- attributes) (#105)
flowforge/handbook: development/frontend/testing.md

## Front-End Testing

For our front-end we test on two fronts:

- [Unit Tests](#unit-tests) - Focusses on individual functional testing. Each function should be tested in complete isolation
- [E2E Integration Tests](#e2e-integration-tests) - Driven by automated testing framework, [Cypress](https://www.cypress.io/), this tests our front-end in it's entirety, including button clicks, navigations and API calls.

## Unit Tests

Not yet written

> ## E2E Integration Tests
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## E2E Integration Tests

### Foreword
*When running e2e tests locally, the NPM scripts are in the `flowforge` package.*
*Be sure to `cd` to `flowforge` before attempting to run them*

```

> ### Running Locally
> 
> To run the E2E tests yourself, we need to first run our own local web server that the tests will run on. For our testing, we have a single server configured with multiple users, teams and projects for testing purposes. To run this, open a terminal and run:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Running Locally

To run the E2E tests yourself, we need to first run our own local web server that the tests will run on.
For our testing purposes, we have a single server configured with multiple users, teams and projects.
To run this, open a terminal and run:
```

```bash
npm run cy:web-server
```

Once this is up and running, you then have two options:

#### Run Tests via Terminal

```bash
npm run cy:run
```

> Simply run, in a terminal, all of the front-end E2E tests and displays the results. If you just want to run all the tests, and aren't necessarily developing your own, this is the command to run.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

This will execute all of the front-end E2E tests in the terminal and display the results. 
Typically, this is the command to run if you simply want to run all of the tests
When developing/debugging tests, opening the Cypress Application will likely be more useful.
```

#### Run Tests via Cypress Application

```bash
npm run cy:open
```

Opens the Cypress application. From here, you can run individual test files, and see the framework clicking through the UI as the tests are run. If you're developing or debugging your own tests, we recommend this. 

### Hints & Tips

If you're looking to write your own Cypress tests, then here are some tips that can help you get started:

#### beforeEach

If you explore some of the existing tests, you'll see that `beforeEach` is a very useful way of ensuring consistent behaviour across a group of tests, e.g. starting from the same point, or making sure a user is logged in.

#### Helper Functions

To make Cypress testing easier, we have created a collection of helper functions that can be called within any loop of the testing framework.

```js
cy.login(<username>, <password>)
```

> This will log you into FlowForge as a given user. Our users are defined in the [test environment](https://github.com/flowforge/flowforge/blob/main/test/e2e/frontend/environments/standard.js).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will log you into FlowForge as the given user. The test users are defined in the [test environment](https://github.com/flowforge/flowforge/blob/main/test/e2e/frontend/environments/standard.js).
```

```js
cy.home()
```

> Recommended to call this for every test you do that requires a login too. It navigates the test to the homepage of the application, but most importantly contains several `cy.wait()` calls to make sure the relevant API calls have completed before continuing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will navigate the test to the homepage of the application, but more importantly it contains several `cy.wait()` calls to make sure the relevant API calls have completed before continuing.
It is recommended that you call this for every test that requires a login. 
```
